>> Steve Kinney: So,
we used a few things earlier.
I just wanna kinda take a quick moment,
we saw them in action but
kinda want to talk about them now.
We were in the weeds dealing with them,
and
now I kinda want to step back up to the
ivory tower and take a look at them again.
So we used that width
authenticator component,
and that basically did everything,
and it's like kind of interesting.
If you use your app dev tools you
can actually see it's basically
a state machine.
It's like, nothing in terms of signing up.
Then it moves into now
they're gonna sign up flow.
And now it's waiting for
confirmation code.
And it kinda handles all
these different states.
It's great cuz we can just
pull it out of the box.
You can theme it.
But depending on what you're working with,
especially if you wanna have routes for
your sign in.
For all the different states that
that authenticator component was in,
it wasn't clear through the URL.
And so there might be different
things that you want to do with that.
So it's like, hey,
I just need a simple sign up form that's
got everything I need, cool, great.
If you have something kind of a little
bit more specific that you need to do,
you can actually just pull
the Auth module from AWS amplify,
just a generic JavaScript library.
And that module like API
has a bunch of methods, and
those methods are useful for just doing
a whole bunch of stuff kinda by hand.
So like there's a sign in method, and you
send it like a user name and a password.
And it will like resolve or reject.
If you want to implement sign out,
like you can have a button
that like when they click it.
It's just Auth that sign out and then what
you want to have happen in that case.
For every high level,
it's some black magic component there is
a lower level that you can access as well.
So some of Auth.
And then if you need some information
from the user like in this case,
the user name or
something along those lines,
you can get a lot of that information
from off that current authenticated user,
which will go ahead and
get you all that information.
Or you can get like Auth that current web
session which is the adjacent web token.
So it's all the kind of actual
credentials that they need to,
all the stuff that is checking
along those line,s is available for
you as well in this Auth current section,
right?
We took advantage of the fact
that MFI wired a lot of it up for
us, right, but if you needed it for
something in particular you can actually
pull out that information as well.
We saw the API module.
It has a whole bunch of methods.
There's a few more than this but
these are kind of the,
I would say the most common ones.
All of your HTTP verbs, so get, post,
patch, put, and delete,
all take the same arguments.
There's another one that we'll see
later today called GraphQL operation.
GraphQL and it takes a GraphQL operation.
And we'll see that one later like that's
kind of a known other way to talk to
a API but you need a GraphQL API.
If only there was an easy way to make
one and spin one up very quickly.
Well cool, so again we talked
about all those three arguments.
There is apiName which is the name
of the API gateway you wanna hit.
Or the cloud API in our Mobile Hub
parlance that you're looking for,
the actual path at that API.
So you can think about the API
name as effectively almost like
the name of the server, or like the Like
domain name that you're hitting, and
then the path is like everything past it.
Like slash grudges, slash grudges,
slash object, one two three will get you
the one with the ID of one two three.
And init is any other additional
information that you need to send, so
in this case, we saw header,
like I just briefly mentioned but
also body was really important for
put and post.
What is the information you'd
like to save to the database?
That's the kind of third object that
we can send along with everything else.
These are like what they're
officially called under the hood.
You might have seen Visual Studio codes
typescript definitions kind of hinting
at these things.
But like effectively,
name of the gateway, name of the path,
any other stuff you want to send through.
Getting grudges we saw,
we just used the grudgeCRUD API and
then we hit that end point, and
we got back all of the grudges.
Get an individual grudge as well
we just need to give it the ID.
We'll get that one back.
For posting, we hit that endpoint and
we hit the endpoint on
the grudgesCRUD API gateway, and
we need to send in a body of all
the things that we wanna save.
And those all get kind of passed
through and put into the database.
Putting and
deleting we implemented, all right.
Putting works very similar to post, where
we send an entire body along with it.
But again, Dynamo DB doesn't,
this is not like dictated by Dynamo.
This was simply the JavaScript code
in that serverless express app
that took like something, and
turned it into a dynamo DB call.
So you could actually, this is what we got
out of the box, but like I said a bunch of
times you could go in there and
manipulate and do whatever you want.
It's kinda up to you.
And deleting is very similar
to getting a single one.
But like I said, any request to
the API gateway that matches.
The verb and the endpoint is gonna trigger
that route, and you could change like
what exactly those routes are like
how it works, all that kind of stuff.
Whatever works for you.
But generally speaking, if you're just
trying to get something up really quickly,
it behooves you to kinda
go with the conventions.
I mean for me,
part of the argument is it's great to have
a very scalable infrastructure
with very little work.
The second I start to
get very opinionated and
change things they don't
really care about.
Especially in a more complicated app,
you're likely to abstract this in
other API calls, anyway, right?
It might be in a Redux Epic, or Redux
Thunk, or something along those lines.
And you're just firing the actions,
anyway.
You write this code one place.
You don't really care.
But if there's additional stuff,
default things that you need,
you can put that all in that code.
That's definitely stuff that you can do,
as well.
The point is, you get some
really great default options but
if you have custom needs, this is real
industrial strength infrastructure.